hello and welcome to tabs kitchen today
we'll be making this quick and easy
Brioni let's get started shall we
and a medium sized pot you're going to
add half an onion
two pounds of beef with bone and one cup
of water add in some ginger six-car
Demons six cloves I wanted to have
teaspoon of salt set your stove on
medium heat and cook for about thirty
minutes you can add chilies if you like
in a separate bowl add three full spoons
of yogurt grind up some cardamom and
cloves
once this becomes powdery you can then
add it to your bowl of yogurt along with
a pinch of yellow food coloring which
you can get at your South Asian grocery
stores pour in a tablespoon of Kara
water this will give a nice scent to
your rice your yogurt mix is done so now
set it aside and will use it later on
we'll show you in it's time to make the
rice so in a Super Bowl you're going to
soak up from three cups of basmati rice
cook and set aside
I'm going to use this girl stand to
prevent the rice from burning add one
and a half cups of canola oils the meat
you made earlier the yellow yogurt mixed
and the boiled rice you set aside when
you boil the rice do not cook it all the
way because you're going to steam it
with your mixture the very last thing
you're going to add is some oil and just
drizzle that on top set your stove on
low heat and place the lid and let it
sit for ten minutes
once your rice is fully cooked you can
then mix it all around and there you
have it it's really that easy to try out
this recipe and let us know what you
think rate comment subscribe share all
of the above thanks for watching